Create ui-c8y-1023-97-4-raise-quick-links-widget-url-limit-to-2000-with-validation-message.md (#4872)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-97-4-raise-quick-links-widget-url-limit-to-2000-with-validation-message.md

---
date: ""

> title: Quick Links widget now supports URLs up to 2000 characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Increased length limit of URLs in Quick Links widget to 2000 characters
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_

>     label: Web SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label: Cockpit
```

build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66427
version: 1023.97.4
---

> The Quick Links widget previously limited URLs to 150 characters, which was insufficient for many real-world use cases where URLs can be significantly longer. The URL input field now accepts URLs up to 2000 characters, giving you much more flexibility when adding or editing links in both the add-link and list/edit forms. If you enter a URL that exceeds the 2000-character limit, the form displays a validation message and prevents you from saving the link, ensuring data integrity while accommodating longer URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Quick Links widget previously limited URLs to 150 characters, which was insufficient for many real-world use cases where URLs can be significantly longer. The URL input field now accepts URLs up to 2000 characters, giving you much more flexibility when adding or editing links in both the add-link and list/edit forms. Support for longer links is crucial to e.g. Data explorer links that holds configuration in URL query parameters. If you enter a URL that exceeds the 2000-character limit, the form displays a validation message and prevents you from saving the link, ensuring data integrity while accommodating longer URLs.
```
